The archives in this repository are for linux machines only such as the Raspberry Pi, X86 based machines and the Odroid C4. It
is preconfigured to dump messages to the console from a disc file for ease of testing. These are the current supported
version, 4.4.2. The X86 code is at 4.4.1, it can be upgraded by replacing the jar file.

It is intended to be installed in /etc/PiWxRx, so after downloading and expanding the archive, copy all the files there.

Pick ONE of the following four archives:

PiWxRx.jar contains the java class files for version 4.4.2. There have been issues running from a single jar file on the 
raspberry Pi, instead use the tarball below and expand it into a /bin directory.

PiWxRx.tar.gz is for the raspberry Pi only and is at 4.4.2 already. Download and unzip it, copy the files to the recommended directory
and run it. If you see the  decoded message, on the screen, all is well. Follow the instructions in the manual to complete the installation.

PiWxRx86.tar.gz is a self-contained implementation for X86 linux systems at revision 4.4.1. To upgrade to 4.4.2 replace the PiWxRx.jar
file with the one in this directory.

PiWxRx86_JDK11.tar.gz is a later version of 4.4.1 for x86 machines for JDK11. problem was encountered with an incompatibility 
in the email mode due to libraries that had been deprecated. Installation is the same as the original, however also replace the file
PiWxRx.jar with the latest in this repo for 4.4.2.

Once you have installed the correct version, do NOT modify anyything unti you have run the code using runpiwx.stdout. You should see
the decoded message on the console. After that, you can try customizing the forwarding, but stil using the same disk file source,
and see if you get an email message. If you do, then you can set up the audio source, and modify the JSON database for your local area.

Other platforms
===============
A custom version can be made for a different processor by recompiling the native code in the JNI library. Do not attempt
unless you are familiar with developing C code for the system of choice. The Java code will run as it is portable by definition.
